so hello everyone right now factory want to take off
which the rich never ask
with what 's rolling
we do high and then we do
so you need to learn for stability
this is the first second you need to be able to
just slipways enroll personal high
need to do also lured out not tall
rpm 1 for the second movement well
it is advisable to do at least chapter 3
yes it means me at least 1 turn
from this I am very similar to the second
turnover
yes that is, we are also turning
Kazakhstan here is not necessarily
now as a transition between the first and second
turns the fact is that many of us
go both ways and interfere very much
strongly at first how to overcome in to
they did not interfere with cool to do as it were
small periscope and sides to the ball
jump a little to the right immediately carrying
a leg
environments that is we do see leg y
me right away
it turns out on this side
as soon as we jumped we were after
this answer
do the opposite
one
two means this way do a little
easier to 2 breeds without forgetting that we cling
even so that is not right if you
pick up you have the right that you will
second turn is not done here you need
the ball exactly catches you so that it
turned left
further means how to perform means
actually second touch just now so
video le pen turnover 2 and then on
most at the initial stage
it turns out and not pick up
here I repeat that you need to be able to well
do both juice but nonetheless still
is important
important is the ability to do so and preferably not
make two so at least some better
dangerous here as you can train
accomplices are very helpful if you
correctly remains the success the ball should
somehow gently touch on and that is, we don't
we drink we catch
instant prince will give when
we will get me that way
make 1 turn i'm free and do so
last until what come on many when a couple
it is better to make the West cling and not
can make the last move here
as i told
so react would like 23 desirable
be able to do if all of the above
right you do you stay
train on how to stabilize this
long advice to want all movements
slow date
the first movement of the mufas between the high
you are slow and the card is smoothly up
This supply Mike returned the left foot
gently such that you will get
soft go make a decision very
quickly so here we will have every time from
bad videos we try to do gently and
now I will show you once again it seems
wrong yes we do begin the first
turnover can be made too low for me
would make a frame side sometime
second unit we can make
wrong for this take
not necessarily straight leg yes a little bit
boils up
stop land is nice and without
or how much will answer and remove as if
we do
the right will be obtained means further beyond
the threshold of movement is 3 2 to 2 touches and this
if not gently take for
Th, so now you do not need to do and the last
Dasha we will make it the right end
hitting the ball here all depends on
approach us bad then you will do
as if the concert arrives all the date itself
23 how can you do something like that
so i hope you like this one
tutorial i 'm sorry jeff darkness yes
so it may not be very visible
but I hope that this tutorial was for you
useful and you learn how to backup yes
don't forget to train with dlna
the quantity is a matter of not being very
Well get all all thanks was
very happy to be in Petrozavodsk thanks
field and them for inviting everyone to all for now